[blog] Update Blogpost to clear confusion on "no impact" disclaimer. (#33131)
mui/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/premium-plan-release.md

[Row grouping](https://mui.com/x/react-data-grid/row-grouping/) lets users group data based on repeating values in the grid.
For example, users can now group orders by buyers, movies by directors, or cities by the governing parties.

These kinds of use cases would usually be dealt with using a new query on the database—which might require a new service end-point, and maybe even a new front-end, along with all the UX challenges this would entail. Now this functionality is available to your users with a single click.

<video style="margin-bottom: 24px;" autoplay muted loop playsinline controls>
  <source src="/static/blog/premium-plan-release/row-grouping-example.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

<p class="blog-description">The feature in action, from the docs page.</p>

Users are encouraged to explore the data and create combinations with multiple grouping criteria,
and are then able to export these new views to Excel, with the next Premium feature: Excel export.

:::info

> 
> With the Premium release, we moved Row grouping permanently to the `@mui/x-data-grid-premium` package.

Reviewer: Would this work better?

```suggestion
With the Premium release, we have made Row grouping available for production use in the `@mui/x-data-grid-premium` package.
```

Here is a list of everything that has changed:

:::warning

> ⚠️ Please note: The following **pricing** changes apply only to **new customers**. Existing customers are not impacted, and their license agreement remains valid.

Author: Very good!
